HelloWorld! - A Global Network for help!


App Platform: Android, IOS , Desktop and Web

HelpLine No(IVRS) : 2020 2020
Other ways: Help Screen in Bank ATMs to ask for urgent help (FingerPrint/Aadhaar Card/Telephone No/ATM Card)
Urgent Cash: Cardless Withdrawal for users.


HelloWorld is a NGO or Private Company registered to help people who need help at some part of their life. 


Android App will allow user to create a unique user id resembling (sathish@helloworld).


Every user will be allotted NGO Identification number comprising of 20 numbers. Virtual Payment card will be given for every user.


Every user will be used to save their bank account details, upi id, neft, rtgs and imps mode details.


Users will be asked to request for help - 


Food (1 to Multiple People(Family) - A person who lost wallet or financially insolvent could approach helloworld for emergency food supply. 


Stay (Hotel Rooms) - A person who lost their wallet or without accommodation, could dial IVRS or Book a room from helloworld app 
to stay in a hotel in that city or nearby place.


Travel ( Book a Ride) - A person who lost their wallet or need ride to go their home from remote place, could dial IVRS 
or book a ride from helloworld app to travel to their home or destination.


Work (Report JobLoss) - A person who have no job could report to helloworld team as jobloss using IVRS or through app.


Education (Need Training) - A person who wish to study to upgrade their skill, could dial IVRS or apply through app.


Financial Loss (Debt Ridden Families or Person) - A person or family who went insolvent in their life could contact helloworld through iVRS
or contact through app.


Other Categories: Legal Support, Essential Supply, Pharmacy(Supported 24/7 Home Delivery), Groceries, Farm Jobs, Super Market Jobs, 
Support Jobs, Service Jobs and More.


Governing Council for HelloWorld: Representatives from all sections of the life will be included in the governing council for helloworld. 
Election will be conducted to elect local representatives to state wise representatives.


Training Funding: HelloWorld team will help people upskill for 6 Month to 1 year in a govt or private universities, or training centers. 
HelloWorld will adopt university automation to train people in theater mode ( to train around 100 people in a same class). 
Curriculum will be offered in Offline Mode to Online Mode.


Financial Loss: HelloWorld Team will negotiate with govt or private bank on behalf of the concerned individual about their financial status 
to find a solution. Legal help will be given for people to overcome such situations. HelloWorld team would counsel them to pursue training 
or help them to get a job.


Job Loss: Helloworld team will help users to succeed in their interview process, if not they will be provided help to pursue again education.


Food Funding: Food will be served from restaurant ( Rs 100 per customer). -  Most of the popular hotels in a city will be supported.


Travel Funding: Coupons worth 1000 Rs for people travelling to other city. Coupons worth 100-500 Rs for travelling inside a city.


Stay Funding: Coupons worth 500 - 1000 Rs for users to stay in a city.


Individuals or Families verified with Insolvent Status may be given Food, Essential Items and Grocery Supply will be given for 1 Month. 
Our team will support the individual or family to come out of hard time through legally and will help you to get a job.


Live requests with 30 minutes validity for Travel, Stay, Food, Grocery, Essential items, Pharmacy and Health will be shared in the webpage
or app for users to contribute. Request with time limits will be displayed for contribution.


Contribution or Sharing Page: List of request for Financial Problems, Health Care Problems, Education Request would be listed for individual, family 
or at ngo level. Users can fund from Rs 1 to higher using ETF model.


Societies or Trust wants to build Public Projects, Medical Colleges, Engineering Colleges, and Schools can create a project 
to raise funds. Expense tracker and balance sheet should be automated and made public to raise future funds. 
The trust or society should split into infra and operating cost as Coin or ETF based model for fund raising. 
Society may share return of investment or surplus amount in their balance sheet to members.
( Sharing Return of investment and surplus amount applicable to the law of the country).


HelloWorld will not request user to pay for their service rather they can support on their own to other people when they may require help. 
App will focus mainly creating workforce around the world.


A user will be given preference for one time in all the categories, later he or she has to support others to gain or avail benefits. 
Users can reapply for help even if not supported others after 1 year.


HelloWorld centers would allow users to talk with experts by bringing their resumes, we would be reporting a person as job loss due to not educated 
or not trained with latest technologies.


HelloWorld will bring automation of balance sheet of ngo and will be shared to users in 24/7.


Our team will report no of people without job and under training (provided by our team) to everyone.

